"In this realm, inseparable within our own teacher Murpema Samba was regulated. In front of that, I
am acknowledging that I have had these mistakes, mistakes."
"Then what restores that? And when you acknowledge that with strongly, and then to restore that
with the convergence or commitment that I am not going to repeat such activities again, again, by
the blessings of the Buddha and all the Buddha's bodhisattva, by the blessings of Murpema Samba and
Vaidya Sattva, may I never repeat that again."
"With that wish and prayer and have strongly attitude that I am not going to repeat that again."
"With that attitude, the fourth power, then a fire, may Vaidya Sattva practice it as one can stop
it. According to the teaching, we are clearly activating those Vibhavadi for powers, and practicing
the Vaidya Sattva for power, applying the Antedos of the man. Then it will put a fire, it will
clear it."
"Unless that karma is so close, right, with us than that, but otherwise if that karma is led apart,
less than from us, and going to happen, we will reverse, we are good, true, and cleansing, and
purified. And that is really about the Vaidya Sattva practices."
"The next one is then Guru Yoga practices, which is number three, I think. Guru Yoga practices is
so important in the teaching field, particularly the Vaidya and the teaching field. Generally, Guru
is important all the time. Even you are not practitioners, even you are non-believers. Guru means,
in one way, is a teacher. Teacher is important. Even you do not believe well or even you don't have
any belief, but if you like to get a duty, you can do it."
"BHG, or the MD, you have to contact the teacher. You are not going to get a duty and learn
everything. You have to contact the teacher. That is common knowledge in India. This is what is
really important. Teachers are important."
"We are not going to contact the teacher because they are payables. We are going to contact the
teacher because of our payables. That is what is standing."
"Then in the Vaidya and the teaching, I am beginning to go to the teaching everywhere. Teachers are
able to say the way. Teacher, one is showing the directions. Teacher is guiding us, guiding us,
helping support to activate what we deserve or what we desire, what we are thinking to get. That is
what really teaches."
"So therefore, teachers are always important. And then particularly in the Vaidya and the teaching,
it is always important. Without the teacher, there is no history that individuals get the Buddhah
ood of enlightenment.
And based in Buddhism, they are teaching, known as "shyaraka-yanas", or "bharthi-buddhas", solitude
in light beings. So they get enlightenment without the teacher. See, except that.
But even that solitude in light beings, according to the teaching, I mean not the oldest, according
to the teaching, in the teaching say, that solitude practice, you know, that who is practicing,
they contact the teacher, they practice and meditate, they just for a long time, long time, all the
time.
Last time, before they get enlightened or become a part of the Buddha, then they choose to be
solitude. And then nature was always solitude, nature. And therefore, they choose, they like to be
enlightened, when there is no teaching, there is no teaching, no teacher, and during that time, I
like to get enlightened.
That's the one of the DTS. But otherwise, all to get Buddhahood, enlightened, perfect, true,
enlightened, there is no history that you get enlightened without the teacher.
And then the teacher, we are talking about his study. There is a qualified teacher, and then there
is also some crowd, they examine him as good.
There is so many stories I said to you, and you all know that. But once you counter, we have to
practice. We have to close the contact.
That teacher is known as the teacher, which is great kindness. Even something in the teaching says
that the realization level, that teacher is equal with all the Buddhas, but personally kindness
level is more kindness than the Buddha, more kindness than the Buddha.
Don't say it. You know, this s훮rya kunde nyam n훮yen, god is s훮rya kunde tath훮 kul jus.
We call it, the realization level, you are equal with all the Buddhas, but kindness level is more
kindness, that teacher is more kindness than the Buddha.
What the kindness did, they called it vedira teaching. The first level, when you enter to dharma,
dharma, guided of the what is negative, what is bad for us, us taught that.
So that means, it struck the door of the Lorentz, a birth to the Lorentz, and the samsara. It
struck, helped to stop that.
At the same time, that teacher taught what is good for us to learn, practice, meditate, and do
virtues. What is that?
Show that heart, so that means, that teacher is open the door of the higher realm in the Lorentz.
So shut down the door of the samsara, open the door of the Lorentz.
Then that teacher also helped and gave the teachings on the bodhic.
And bodhic are the words, teachings on bodhic.
So that means, that nurtures our Buddha nature, so that we can bloom or grow beautiful our Buddha
nature.
Then what next? According to vedira, according to zogki, zogki teacher, that teacher pointed out
our inner nature of the dharma kaya.
So that means, that teacher helped to recapture our inherited, our inherited traditions.
Therefore, that teacher is very kindness, kinder than the Buddha.
That was the teaching said.
And then vedira teacher also said, teacher is very kind, because teacher gave us involvement,
explanation, and big instructions.
Those all, what I listed, every second to get enlightenment, every last giant enlightenment through
the Buddha teaching, those are so precious, so important.
More precious than the teaching said, than the wishful dual. Wishful dual is in the Buddha's
teaching said, one who granted all the material wishes, wishes, there is dual that granted all the
material wishes of wealth, wealth granted, there is such existing in the Buddha teaching mentioned
so many times.
But that, these instructions, these teachings is more precious, more, more special than that we
should call a dual.
Therefore, teacher is kind, qualified teacher.
And how we conduct with that teacher, with full of joy and devotion, and observe the teaching to
the heart, not leave that intellectual air we like to get enlightenment.
Air we like to get changed and bloomed our Buddha nature, as we really like to do, have to practice
.
And that means observe the heart, with full joy, full of appreciation, full of respect, and full of
determinations, and also full of loyalty, loyalty to the teaching, loyalty to the practices.
But strong then, then you will get great results. Exactly as Lunkhima got, exactly as the great Mas
ala Maharaja got, exactly those eight Mahasiddhas of the Indians, or twenty-five disciples of Tibet,
you will get.
This real attention, achievement is not designated or not owned by someone, or is not driven or not
reserved by someone.
It's open to all. It's our share, our share, our opportunities, our share and our inherent.
That we are the scholars. And therefore, then we're there and practice. Practice.
Again, in the teaching said, that practice of, what is it, teacher is, as I said, guide, guide,
guiding to, and helping to support.
There's outer guidance and inner guidance. Outer guidance is teacher. Teacher is outer guidance
that was guiding us.
Inner guidance is our completion. Our love, our sympathy to both each other, our devotion.
Those are the inner guidance and courage in commitment. Keep up that with that.
Combine that our inner guidance and our guided, combined through it, that truly we will become very
performant, a brain very performant into our lives.
As all those great practices, past ancient times.
And then here, when we do the Guru Yoga, that is His own Durya Mataji.
So up there, the brain here is the foundation, and I'm going to give last minute of these wonderful
practices.
Maybe tomorrow or everywhere. Those people who would like to get this and leaving soon, I will do
that soon.
Otherwise, I will give this Saturday. This Saturday is a very special day.
It's called the Vedyan Buddhism. I think it's dakini.
So I will do that. At that time, I will be there.
Last minute. And here. Sit here.
(Sadhguru talks in the background)